Remove shimmer mention from tutorial (#6776)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/tutorials/cross-chain-nft-marketplace-part-2.md

1. Deploy the `MyERC721` contract to the BNB Testnet. [deploy_erc721_bnb.js](#deploy_erc721_bnbjs)
2. Mint an NFT using the `MyERC721` contract. [mint_nft.js](#mint_nftjs)
3. Deploy the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to the BNB Testnet. [deploy_proxyonft_bnb.js](#deploy_proxyonft_bnbjs)
4. Deploy the `MyONFT721` contract, the receiver, to the IOTA EVM Testnet. [deploy_onft721_iota.js](#deploy_onft721_iotajs)
5. Configure the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to send NFTs to the `MyONFT721` contract. [set_trusted_remote_bnb.js](#set_trusted_remote_bnbjs)
6. Configure the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract. [set_trusted_remote_iota.js](#set_trusted_remote_iotajs)

> 7. Send an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the IotaEVM Testnet. [send_nft_bnb_to_iota.js](#send_nftjs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Send an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the IOTA EVM Testnet. [send_nft_bnb_to_iota.js](#send_nftjs)
```

npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_proxyonft_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### deploy_onft721_iota.js

> Deploy the `MyONFT721` contract to the Iota EVM Testnet and save its address in a file called `MyONFT721_Iota.txt` using the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the `MyONFT721` contract to the IOTA EVM Testnet and save its address in a file called `MyONFT721_Iota.txt` using the following script:
```

npx hardhat run scripts/set_trusted_remote_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### set_trusted_remote_iota.js

> On the IotaEVM Testnet, call the `MyONFT721` contract to set the `MyProxyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the IOTA EVM Testnet, call the `MyONFT721` contract to set the `MyProxyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract.
```

npx hardhat run scripts/set_min_dest_gas_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### set_min_dest_gas_iota.js

On the IotaEVM Testnet, call the `MyONFT721` contract to set the minimum gas required to receive an NFT from the BNB Testnet. This is necessary to ensure that the receiver has enough gas to complete the transfer.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/set_min_dest_gas_iota.js
```

You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/set_min_dest_gas_iota.js --network iotaevm-testnet
```

### send_nft.js

> Finally, call the `MyProxyONFT721` contract on the BNB Testnet to send an NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract on the IotaEVM Testnet. This script approves the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to transfer the NFT and then sends the NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, call the `MyProxyONFT721` contract on the BNB Testnet to send an NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract on the IOTA EVM Testnet. This script approves the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to transfer the NFT and then sends the NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract.
```

:::note

> The script will take some time to complete, as it waits for the NFT to be received on the IotaEVM Testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will take some time to complete, as it waits for the NFT to be received on the IOTA EVM Testnet.
```

You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/buy_item.js --network iotaevm-testnet
```

## Conclusion

> In the second part of this tutorial, you manually bridged an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the IotaEVM Testnet and listed it on the NFT marketplace. The final part of the series will explore how to create a cross-chain swap contract that allows users to trade NFTs across chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the second part of this tutorial, you manually bridged an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the IOTA EVM Testnet and listed it on the NFT marketplace. The final part of the series will explore how to create a cross-chain swap contract that allows users to trade NFTs across chains.
```
